
Lamb Biryani ($9.99).
Nice use of spices… by Cherylynn N.
Fish Tandoori ($11.99):
Arrived… by Cherylynn N.
“My favorite dishes here are the Tandoori Chicken Leg, Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Korma, and Garlic Naan.” in 164 reviews
$2.50 Garlic Naan View the full menu
“I think my favorite was the tandoori fish, which made my hair smell for the rest of the night but it was worth it!!” in 74 reviews
“The garlic naan is outstanding and the chicken tikka masala is really good!!” in 152 reviews
$8.99 Chicken Tikka Masala
This is by far the best N. Indian cuisine that one would find in SF even though it is Pakistani ( some parts of N.India and Pakistan share the same culture and food habits).
My favorites are the Chicken Karahi, Goat Curry even though the Chicken tandoori and Butter chicken are not bad.
The Garlic Naan and Onion Kulcha are my staple orders for bread.
Everything is cooked fresh and so will take some time but worth it.
The Biryanis are good too here.
The  best part is that in the end, it is not expensive!
Was this review …?
This place is pretty good for what it is.
The food tasted awesome, it's cooked to order.
This place is still in the Tenderloin but a block away from the Chutney, Shalimar, etc. bunch.
It looks clean and tidy.
The tables are spacious.
This place is Self Service.
You choose your own seat and take the menu, choose what you want and go up to the counter to order.
You can help yourself to water from the fridge or free chai tea.
Your food will come to you when it's done.
And when you're done - you can go to the counter to pay.
My friend introduced me to this place.
We ordered Butter Chicken and Prawn Tikka Masala, and Garlic Naan and Roti to accompany them.
The food took awhile but they make everything individually to order so the wait isn't a bad thing.
The portion may look small but it will fill you up.
The Naan will especially help.
The Butter Chicken of course is thick, creamy and buttery.
The sauce is slightly spicy, enhances the chicken and goes with Naan awesomely.
The chicken is a tiny bit dry but still a lot better than Chutney's.
They're cut into bite-sized chunks of chicken breast.
It's $8.99
The Prawn Tikka Masala is cooked in a creamy tomato sauce.
This sauce has awesome consistency - it's less fatty than the butter chicken, there no oily layer on top.
The shrimp was still crisp - tasted very nice and fresh.
It's really worth the $11.99.
The Garlic Naan looks cute and perfectly rounded.
It's topped with garlic and herbs.
This Naan is not too thick and smells nice.
It's not too soft and floppy but not too dey either.
This was $2.50.
The Roti is made of whole wheat so it's druer and less fluffy.
It's more dry than Naan - but it's healthy.
The crisp bread is good to pick up the sauces.
I think this was $1.50.
This place is tidy and bright and the food is flavorful and taste good.
The price is a bit higher than Chutney's but the flavor is more authentic and it's really worth it.
At least give it a try.
Was this review …?
Order up front, be seated and pay when you're finished not a bad concept :) We stopped off for dinner here on Saturday.
Enjoyed the veggie samosas, garlic naan, Chicken Tikka Masala and Tandoori Fish.
Super casual, hole in the wall type place where you aren't rushed and can sit and hang out while enjoying good food.
It appeared to be BYOB, although we didn't know this ahead of time.
Good spot to grab Indian food.
Was this review …?
Be aware that this is a straight hole in the wall.
After having seen this place on T.V., and all the reviews we had to give it a try.
I'm not exactly sure what all the rave is?
This is not a full service restaurant.
You have to get your own drinks, and order at the counter.
The only drink options are some cans of soda in the fridge, some kind of tea, and water I guess that is in some type of containers in the fridge.
A whole tableful of used glass water containers sitting to the right of the fridge was a sign that someone had not done dishes in a long while.
Gross.
I asked the cook if he had any chili sauce or something spicy to accommodate the meal.
He told me no, but then said he could make up something.
He basically took some type of chili powder and mixed it with water creating a paste.
The dry powder on the edges of the little bowl were a dead give away.
The food lacked any flare and quite frankly was a bit on the bland side.
We had Chicken Tiki Marsala, Lamb Vindaloo (described as hot on menu but is not), rice, and Chili as well as Garlic Naan.
The Naan was good, and the Lamb Vindaloo was not gamey at all.
Another odd occurrence was the arrival of a couple of men in a van.
They came out with a large plastic container containing some kind of sauce, as well as a plateful of Samosa or something that looked like it.
That tells me they make some things off sight.
That's not comforting because things made off sight need to be at the right temperature for transport, and who knows where this stuff was made?
The restroom was very small and the toilet cleaner sitting there right next to the toilet paper...well...odd.
It wasn't overly clean and the place is run down.
This was hardly a food experience that had "wow" factor in a positive way.
There is so much better out there!
Was this review …?
I give them 3 stars because the Giants game was on and the free tea was solid.
We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Korma, and Garlic Naan.
We later realized we needed rice.
The chicken was dry.
Although they cook to order, the chicken and other items are prepared ahead of time and sitting out.
So, that explains it.
Otherwise, the flavor of the Tikka Masala was fairly well rounded and a bit sweet.
We asked for spicy and it was not.
The Vegetable Korma was gross.
It lacked variety of vegetables and tasted chemically.
Some of the vegetables tasted pickled...maybe.
Either way, fresh it was not.
It was disappointing to say the least.
The garlic naan was nothing to write home about.
I did not get the impression it was fresh.
The garlic was a boost, but not enough to save it.
Based upon the reviews, I was disappointed.
I do not think I would go back.
Was this review …?
The worst experience I have ever had.
The staff ignored our whole party for 10 minutes.
We asked them if they were open and they replied yes.
And then they proceeded to ignore us again.
The waiter was talking on his Bluetooth and giving us cut eye whole time.
We left without any service or food.
Never going back again.
Was this review …?
You should know that I've only had takeout.
So if you're dining in, it's probably best to defer to the judgment of those who have had that experience.
But if you're looking for pure food info, perhaps I can lend you a nugget or two of wisdom.
As I prefaced, I ordered takeout.
Side note: Ordering takeout via the Yelp app was amazing.
Like, the easiest and most painless process ever.
And it worked out so smoothly.
I want it to happen again and again.
It was ready super fast, and I had some naan and a basic curry on my hands.
This isn't the fanciest food--it had more of a gritty feel and taste to it--but if you want to feel like you're eating there, as opposed to eating Pakistani food in the US, this is a good option.
The curry was spicier than I imagined, so watch out for that kick.
Also, know that I have a wussy mouth.
The naan fit that same profile.
It wasn't the best naan I've had in my life, but it had a nice, deep flavor that let you know it wasn't just a random slab of dough thrown at the Tandoori.
It would take a few more visits to get a feel for the whole place, but if we're making snap judgments, it's definitely earned a second visit from me.
Was this review …?
Ordered: Butter Chicken Masala: 2/5 The chicken was WAY too dry.
It was impossible to break apart with my fork and I could probably chew on a piece for days if I wanted to because it was so overcooked.
The masala was neither rich nor creamy, it tasted quite bland.
Chicken Tikka Masala: 3/5 The flavor was a lot better than the butter chicken.
Chicken was still very dry.
Garlic Naan: 2/5 Despite how good it looked (refer to my photos), there was no flavor.
I expected the naan to be a mouthful of garlic yumminess but instead received a mouthful of bland carbs instead.
Service: 1/5 I highly recommend this restaurant to hire someone to bus tables because all the tables around me were filled with dirty dishes.
The tub where you usually put your dirty dishes in was already filled to the brim with dirty dishes.
Only two people were working and they were both cooking and taking orders.
It took a solid 20 minutes for my boyfriend and I to receive our food and took another 5 minutes standing at the counter for one of the employees to give us the check and for us to pay and leave.
This restaurant is not run well at all, they definitely need more employees working because it seems like it takes forever for things to get done.
If you're looking for a quick place to grab a bite to eat, I would not recommend this restaurant but if you're trying to kill time and don't mind an under-averaged plate of Indian food, you could try this place.
Was this review …?
Came here the other day and got the baingan bharta, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, and plain naan.
The baingan bharta (eggplant + peas) was spicy and had a great flavor to it, but did not find much eggplant in it at all?
Even so, was quite tasty.
Chicken tikka masala was flavorful and a little sweet, but the chicken chunks were very dry.
I'm pretty picky about my chicken and like for it to be tender and moist, so would not get this again.
Plain naan was better than the garlic naan.
The garlic naan was overly crispy and not as tasty as it looks.
I like naan to be soft and squishy, like eating a chewy cloud, and this was not it.
The plain naan is more naan-ish than the garlic one, for less than half the price ($1 v. $2.50).
Overall, solid place with reasonable price-to-portion ratio.
Will be back to try more!
Was this review …?
Me and my gal pal eat here often.
We get the Chicken Tikka Masala, an order of rice and a garlic naan.
We share that and it costs less than $15.
You can't beat that deal.
The tea is free.
It's the best of its kind in the neighborhood.
BYOB though.
I give it 5 stars because I frequent the place.
I pretty much order the same thing every time.
It's cheap.
It's consistent.
Other Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the area are either too dirty or just not as tasty.
The staff has always been chill and nice.
That is always key for me.
Was this review …?
I came here for lunch with my girlfriend.
We got the Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken Masala and Garlic Naan.
The Chicken Tikka Masala was great.
it was well seasoned and had the perfect taste to it.
However, the chicken was extremely dry.
The Butter Chicken Masala was a tad bland.
It wasn't nearly as creamy or rich as most Butter Chicken Masalas and the chicken was extremely dry as well.
The Garlic Naan smelled and looked delicious but it wasn't very garlic-y.
Overall, the Butter Chicken and Garlic Naan lacked flavor.
However, the Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious.
They were understaffed leading to very slow service.
There were only two people working the register and kitchen combined.
Would definitely come back but only for the Chicken Tikka Masala.
Was this review …?
Hands down one of the best Pakistani Indian restaurants in the city.
The chicken tikka, tandoori fish, biryani and the masala curries were all delicious.
As good as it gets.
Was this review …?
Actually, unfortunately while the food is good, the management insists on increasing the income by adding an amount to your charge after you have signed the credit card voucher.
It's happened to me three times now, so if I ever go back, I will pay in cash.
What a jerk.
And you should scroll around to other reviews....  Others have said the same thing about the extra charges.....
Was this review …?
Was this review …?
OK/Average Indian food.
It does not stand out compared to other Indian restaurants.
I went there with a friend for lunch on Monday.
The place was almost empty there were about 3 other people who came there during lunch hour.
The restaurants and tables were clean.
You order at the counter and self-serve water, free tea, plates, and silverware (very common at other Indian restaurants).
We ordered Tandoori Fish (Good), Baigan Bharatha (Eggplant Curry)(ok), and Chicken Tikka Masala (ok).
The eggplant dish could have been better.
I would try other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood before coming back here.
Was this review …?
It's self service- go in and get your seat, but go up to the counter when you're ready to order and get your own water.
I think this place is better for take out IMO.
But it's some of the best Indian/Pakistani-an food in the city.
Was this review …?
Another brilliant Pakistani restaurant.
A dive but what a dive!
Excellent karahis and curries with fresh tandoori naan.authentic and uncompromising in taste and spice.
Giving good competition to Shalimar and Pakwan and other brethren Pakistani joints nearby.
Was this review …?
This place is DOPE!
From start to finish, absolute greatness was delivered to our table.
The Lamb Samosa appetizer was great.
The Vegetable Korma and Chicken Makhani were hits.
In general, the food had a bit of kick to it, but it was never too spicy.
The Mango and Cashew Indian Ice Cream sealed the deal on our great meal.
I can't believe I'm saying this, given the somewhat shady neighborhood, but I actually want to come back!
Was this review …?
Good solid Indian food and I would rank this a 4 star if we did take out but the in house dining experience was not something for Sunday date night.
Naan is fresh outta the oven and full of garlicky deliciousness!
Was this review …?
The indie/paki food in the tenderloin is so good it's actually hard to be disappointed.
Lamb vindaloo - so good and legitimately spicy.
Lamb isn't gamey at all n sauce is very delicious Chicken Karahi - oddly enough this was the only Karahi dish on the menu even though this place is named Lahore Karahi.
It was good but not as good as the Karahi at shalimar Okra - very good and well seasoned.
Okra wasn't slimy at all which is usually the case w most okra dishes
Was this review …?
Love their food.
I've been here a few times and everything is made fresh and consistent.
Their Garlic naan is yum.
We ordered kourma, chicken tandoori, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, fish curry, and daal.
I would suggest to go there with an empty stomach cause it's a lot of food!
Love it .
Was this review …?
Happened to just stop at this place while strolling by.
The place looks very tiny and the ambiance is less than 4 star but the "superhero" here is the food!!
I ordered tandoori fish, chicken biryani and some dessert.
Everything tasted just awesome!! Great place for Indian/Pakistani food.
Was this review …?
Nan was very good, so is Tikka masala,  the spinach dish good also.
Fish tandoori is a bit overrated.
Not enough flavor.
Wish the food come a little faster.
Otherwise not bad.
Thanks.
Was this review …?
Great Food.
I've been coming here for the past 4 years and love it.
It's a hole in the wall place.
It's a small place and is visited by regulars so be prepared to wait for table if you are coming after 7 PM.
Service is also a little slow BUT food is delicious , inexpensive and it's a BYOB.
Yes , so get some beers or white wine and drink while waiting for the food.
I like the vegetable Korma the best there.
Tell them to make it spicy it tastes great.
Enjoy !
Was this review …?
Nice little place and friendly staff.
While a lot of people raved about it, I found the food a little bland.
The vindaloo wasn't spicy and had no vinegar/sourness to it.
The saag paneer was bland; no ginger flavor and needed salt.
The price is right but having had food from California and Devon (Chicago's Indian Town) and some of the Indian food in London, I think you can find better in SF.
Was this review …?
The food here is solid.
The Chicken Boti Tikka was pretty amazing.
So moist and flavorful.
Chicken Tikka Masala was also very good.
For starters, the Chicken Cheese Naan was so good.
The vegtable samosa was the weakest, not enough flavor and a little bland.
But overall, the food is very good here.
3 stars is due to really slow service.
We were there for late lunch.. we were the only ones in the restaurant.
We asked for water.. he gestured towards the fridge for us to get the water carafe ourselves.
There were a few tables that remained dirty with dishes and never cleaned the whole time we were there.
And he took his time cooking our food.
So service is very lacking.
So... my advice is maybe try it and see what your expereince is.
You can do takeout also.
Was this review …?
Walked up to the door and was greeted by wonderful curry aromas...
The menu has all the usual suspects with a good selection of seafood and vegetarian dishes.
I had the chicken korma (apparently mild) which was quite spicy, huge chunks of chicken, which were a little dry.
My friend had the goat curry, it was delicious and the meat was falling off the bones - there were quite a few bones.
The naan bread was ok, a little crispy, the meals dont come with rice, so make sure you order it if you want it.
Not the kind of place to come for a date!
But a good place to satisfy your curry cravings!
Was this review …?
Absolutely disgusting service.
Walked in to the empty restaurant and find every table filled with dirty plates and flies buzzing around - apart for one table.
We asked the manager if he could wipe ours, but he proceeded to clean every table apart from ours.
It was almost comical.
After asking him again, he just ignored us.
So we started to leave and said "you should be more welcoming to your customers" to which he replied "well there are plenty of other restaurants in SF for you".
What a joke!
Be warned.
These people don't seem to appreciate their customers.
Was this review …?
I had a fantastic meal at Lahore Karahi the first time I came here: the chicken tandoori was super moist & flavorful, the chicken tikka masala deliciously seasoned & spiced, and the naan was warm, buttery & crispy on the outside & chewy on the inside.
It was seriously that memorable.
However, when I came here a few weeks ago, the food left much to be desired.
The chicken tandoori was still pretty good, but the chicken tikka masala was bland and the naan was not memorable.
Also, I had initially called in to place an order, but could not really understand the questions from their staff over the phone, so I decided to come & eat in instead.
I told them on the phone that I'd be coming in to the restaurant, but they still tried calling my phone back incessantly to get my order.
I received several missed calls in the time it took me to cab to the restaurant.
Who does that?
Ugh.
My last experience here makes me sad, because I thought I had found my go-to Indian restaurant in the city, and sadly, this is not the case.
Was this review …?
I used to love Lahore Karahi, loved the benghan bartha, the food was exceptionally good.
But things are different after Guddu is gone.
Service is absolutely terrible.
As in.
Non-existent.
I don't need waiter service, I don't need someone to get me water/chai whatnot, I'm perfectly aware of how most Indian restaurants are run.
I did not get served at all.
Walked in at 4 in the afternoon, could not imagine it being super busy.
Put some bags down, friend and I head to counter.
There were a couple of cooks, no acknowledgement.
We wait 5 min.
One cook comes to answer the phone.
Not even a glance, and the phone is less then TWO FEET from where we're standing.
We fidget a bit, not sure what to do, hoping he will come back as we have menus in hand.
Nope.
Went back to take out orders.
Awkward.
We left.
How am I supposed to give a good rating to a place that seems extremely uninterested in serving food?
I'll take my money elsewhere.
Thanks.
Not worth it anymore, food is not what it used to be, service is extremely bad, so bad that you won't even get to order food.
They don't even want your money.
Was this review …?
Excellent!
Not my favorite part of town at night, but definitely worth it.
The tandoori fish was the highlight of my culinary week, and the garlic naan was incredible.
Was this review …?
For Staying or pick up!!! best TIKKA MASALA  chicken in SF !! highly recommended!!!!
Was this review …?
I can't believe I haven't written a review for Lahore!
This place is my bf's FAVORITE restaurant.
He is a super picky eater but when we started dating I wanted to take him to one of my favorite cuisines as he had never had Indian before.
I had been here once before and thought it was pretty good so brought him and the best friend here.
HE FELL IN LOVE and we come here at least once a month every month.
Now he has his coworker and his gf hooked and we just love it.
The people here know us now obviously and are always very friendly.
Its BYOB and they have awesome butter chicken and tandoori chicken.
Oh and garlic naan!
There's more but just GO! Its great and super reasonable!
You won't be disappointed!
Was this review …?
Amazing food especially delight for non-vegetarians.
Tandoori and Lamb and Goat dishes are finger-licking good.
Was this review …?
Food is good, not great, and service is horrible.
I have been here a few times to give this place a shot, but i give up.
This time I called ahead for a to go order.
On arrival there was no line.
You would think the instinct of the host would be at least to acknowledge me - nope.
I sat there and waited a good 5 minutes until a buddy on his came up and asked to order a few more items which took another 5 minutes.
By this time the line is backed up and I ask to pick up my order.
Turns out they ran out of one of the items so they haven't started my order.
I pay wait another 15 minutes and the see my food on the counter.
I ask the guy for my order - he ignores me and after a few more minutes gets my order.
Based on all the great reviews I am hoping   I just have bad luck, but I saw a lot of other unhappy faces while waiting.
It is a shame - place could be great.
Was this review …?
Little pricy for the TL but if you're craving indian this is a good go-to.
Portion sizes are moderate, taste is incredible, and it's all made fresh.
I wish entres included rice or some side vegetables, for the price they really should.
One item (tandoori chicken) came with a few raw onion slices on the side which were awkward to eat, raw onions and chicken don't go together.
You can order online which is very convenient.
Was this review …?
The food here is amazing.
I am so glad I live so close by.
My favorites: chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, tandoori fish, and garlic naan.
Was this review …?
It took 45 minutes to get our food.
It was pretty much the most ridiculous wait I've ever experienced at a restaurant of this format.
I can only imagine they were butchering our meat before serving it.
The food wasn't spicy, at all.
(yes we asked for it extra, extra spicy) and it came out mild.
There is no Lamb on the menu, what's up with that!
The Raita was wronga.
You'd think the Tandoori chicken would have been good, since it's one of their signature menu sections but you'd be wrong.
The chicken had zero flavor and was not served with lemon either.
Maybe we came on a bad day....but it was a really bad day
Was this review …?
Amazing food especially delight for non-vegetarians.
Tandoori and Lamb and Goat dishes are finger-licking good.
My usual order is Goat Bhuna which is very tasty and I keep eating the same dish each time I go there.
Service is slow though and so if you are in a hurry eat, use order ahead or call in your ordere else it's at least a 20 mins wait.
They can custom make the dishes too.
eg. a friend of mine asks to replace chicken with paneer in chicken karahi as he loved the gravy.
guys who work there are silent and shy so don't mistake them for being rude.
Was this review …?
Great food for the price!
I was here with some friends.
We just wanted to find somewhere to eat, where we didn't have to worry about food poisoning or weird people.
It was off hours, around 3pm.
We happened on Lahore Karahi, and I was surprised by the prices!
The prices are cheaper than places I have been to in the East Bay or South Bay.
We had to go up to the cashier to order, but we paid at the end.
Extra star for free chai masala.
Mango lassi was good.
I ordered some paneer dish.
My friend ordered a different dish, and the sauces did taste different.
I hate it when you order different dishes and the sauces are the same, but that was not the case here!
I could definitely taste a difference between the different curries.
I guess that means everything is made to order.
It did take a while to get our food.
One order of naan wasn't enough per curry dish, we had to order a side of rice.
Boyfriend's dish was forgotten, which I heard later on Check Please! happened to one of the reviewers.
It was funny when the waiter noticed my boyfriend wasn't eating, and he looked at the cook who shrugged his shoulders.
They ended up bringing his dish...maybe 20 minutes after we got our food.
Boyfriend's fault.
He should have spoken up :) If I was in the area, I'd definitely come by, if I wanted good Indian/Pakistani food for a good price.
Was this review …?
Small spot but good atmosphere very cosy feel and best thing the food is good.
Support small business, dont kill'em.
Was this review …?

pakastani and indian food
pakastani and  indian food
Copyright © 2004–2014 Yelp Inc. Yelp, , and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
This user has arrived from Qype, a European company acquired by Yelp in 2012.
We have integrated the two sites to bring you one great local experience.
